We offer services FOR BUSINESS & HOME USERS. Windows installations, 
Cleaning, fixing and Speeding up your omputer. We also offer Website Design and SEO Services. 
CHECK OUT OUR FULL RANGE OF SERVICES TO FIT YOUR NEEDS!

We offer a wide range of computer services for home and businesses, 
We provide you with motivated, talented, and tenacious technicians who are ready to solve your computer problems and get you back to work fast. 
Get Your Computer Fixed Today!


We specialize in Advice, Repairs and Support for Small Business and Home Computer users. 
With over 12 years of combined customer service and information technology experience, 
we have built our reputation by being responsive, knowledgeable and affordable. 

CHECK OUT OUR FULL RANGE OF SERVICES TO FIT YOUR NEEDS!

Upfront & Affordable PC Repair

"Here at JunTechPC we follow a simple approach - Your Success is Our Success. We help you reach more customers by building a stronger online presence.

Let us help you achieve great internet marketing Vaughan results that will translate into more prospects."


Need Computer Repair Service? JunTechPC can help!

PCs running any version of Windows need frequent maintenance and updating, especially if connected to an always-on broadband connection. New vulnerabilities are always found and patched. Keeping your computer up-to-date with service packs and critical updates should be a priority to any computer user.


We have gained a strong reputation from our clients based on offering high quality services and products on IT and related Technical support. 
We giving a enjoyable service for our customers to meet their requirements, We always understand them & see from their side Always we live service first and win heart of customer to achieve our targets. 
We have a big customer data base because of our dedicated service.

We’ll help you get back to work.
Fast and Qualitatively.

Reliable Service You Can Trust

We have built our reputation by being responsive, knowledgeable and affordable. 

TURN TO US FOR COMPUTER REPAIR SERVICES IN Aruba

You can count on us for reliable and long-lasting computer and laptop repairs.

seo and online marketing

Best Freelance Computer Repair Technicians 

Website Design & SEO

Need SEO For Your Website? - 

Optimize Your Web Pages` Content For More Relevant Traffic And Higher Search Rankings.

Technical SEO
A Strong SEO Foundation Ensures
Your Site Performs Flawlessly

Page Optimization
Optimize Your Web Pages` Content &
HTML Code For Higher Search Ranking

Keyword Research
Maximize Your SEO Efforts With
Keyword Research Services

Competitor Analysis
Analyze Your Competitors To Reveal
Opportunities, Gaps And Blind Spots

JunTechPC - Computer services and solutions in Arubawww.juntechpc.ga
JunTechPC is a freelance Computer Services business run by Juny Engelhart. We offer affordable, friendly, fast computer repair services in Aruba.